the easiest and most effective way to reward a sailor is being very vocal
in public about the good job they've done, uh, part of it. It's
easy to say, Well, that's their job, and that's what they're supposed
to do. But, you know, being saying, telling someone they did a good
job in front of everybody go. It goes a long way. I think it makes
you mean I'm just talking about my own personal experience. If someone
said I did a good job then and then you feel good. It makes me gives,
gives a person a steak and what and what they are and what you're
doing. Uh, the Navy, of course, and all military branches have their
own ways of rewarding people with promotions and awards and all
these other things. And you should you should work hard to make that
a normal part of the professional environment. That's not hard to
dio. Any good commanding officer and leader should be pushing to reward
their people with the appropriate naval commendations or what military
commendations as it were. Um, but I think sometimes just the
positive words can mean mortar folks than putting a ribbon on a chest.
They go. The ribbon on the chest puts put, helps people promote and
keep going in their career path. But that doesn't automatically mean
it shows what somebody thinks of them. If if I come to you and say
you did a very good job, thank you for all the work you've done that
can go further than just a formal ceremony, said doing something
somewhere.